    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
the use of HTML to reinfocnce elements in a website or make them easier to navigate

    2. What is HTML used for? 
website creation

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
They control elements put inside tags

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
used for the largest header and can be used as much as it needs to be

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img, a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<html>

    7. What is an id? 
an attribute that identifies something unique

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
"#identifier"
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once

    10. What is a class? 
a class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
anything
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as much as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add an underscore: ”_blank”

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
in case the first option can't be pulled

    15. How do I reference an id?
id {} 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The content inside a section is grouped and div is not semantic HTML

    17. What is CSS used for? 
editing sections of the HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
 select= name""

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
an ID can be used once and a class can be used a lot

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.element {} 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human:

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar {} 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
It selects elements in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
margin

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
uppercase; lowercase; capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
border-style:dotted;
border-color:black;
} 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* message */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
cd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, it could damage your computer

    34. Why should I use version control? 
It allows you to track changes to everything involing a project

    35. How often should I commit to github?
everytime you want to save progress

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push .

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork git,
git clone,
git branch,
edit the branch,
add the git,
push the git.